Ayy, sick of these niggas . Sick of these niggas . Hire some help , get rid of these niggas . Sick of this shit, move to the Ritz. Turned out the bitch . It is what it is, yeah. GLE, 'cause that Lambo movin' fast. S Class, G Class, lotta class . In a rocket and that bitch ain't got no tags . Louis bags in exchange for body bags, yeah. Sick of these niggas . Sick of these niggas . Hire some help , get rid of these niggas . Fuck what it was, it is what it is . Whatever you did, it is what it is. And I'm so tired . I fuck with the mob and I got ties . Knock you off to pay their tithes . They want me gone but don't know why. It's too late for all that lovey-dovey shit. I'm your brother shit, all that other shit. It's too late for all that. It's too late for all that, ayy. It's too late for all that lovey-dovey shit. I'm your brother shit, all that other shit. It's too late for all that, ayy. It's too late for all that. Ayy, sick of these niggas. I'm sick of these niggas. Hire some help, get rid of these niggas. I'm not with the ra-ra. I am a Dada. My bitch in Chanel now. Your bitch in Escada. Yeah, and they shook. Please don't let them fool ya, I don't care how they look . Heard all of the talkin', now it's quiet, now it's shush . Twenty-nine is comin', they on edge when I cook . Lead the league in scorin', man, but look at my assists . Yes I be with Future but I like to reminisce . I do not forget a thing, I'm patient, it's a gift . Try to tell 'em they ain't got to do it, they insist . Yeah, I can tell. I just gave 'em two for forty million like Chappelle . Standin' over coffin with a hammer and a nail . Heard you hit up so and so, that name don't ring a bell, nah. Sick of these niggas . Hire some help, get rid of these niggas. I'm sick of this shit . I'm runnin' a blitz . Whatever you did , it is what it is. And I'm so tired . I fuck with the mob and I got ties . Knock you off to pay their tithes . They want me gone but don't know why. It's too late for all that lovey-dovey shit. I'm your brother shit, all that other shit. It's too late for all that. It's too late for all that, ayy. It's too late for all that lovey-dovey shit. I'm your brother shit, all that other shit. It's too late for all that, ayy. It's too late for all that