Yeah, beat the pot, beat the pot, beat the pot, oh. Bad bitches walkin' out with bags at the store . Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole . Yeah, beat the pot, beat the pot, beat the pot, oh . Bad bitches walkin' out with bags at the store . Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole . Yeah. I'm throwin' a bag . It bought her a bag . Last bitch I fucked, she wasn't goin' out sad . Can't play a player for sure. , can't play a player, no . Throw the money to the top . It's fallin' off the top ropes . Yeah . I bet I put all my bitches on dope . Yeah . Aye . She'll be fuckin' 'til the sun come up . Hey yeah. If you want to ball, let's get it . Hey yeah. I make you rich with a fifty . Hey yeah. No lemonade, it's simply, just me and my bitch . If she don't get dick, she gon' have a fit . Her daddy the plug . She fuck with the bricks, she with the shit . She bought a salon to clean the money, he feed the bitch. Now he on the run, they seized the house, they seized the whips . Now she on the run, she took the money, he need the bitch. Yeah, beat the pot, beat the pot, beat the pot, oh. Bad bitches walkin' out with bags at the store . Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole . Yeah, beat the pot, beat the pot, beat the pot, oh . Bad bitches walkin' out with bags at the store . Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole . Yeah. All ass ay. Fifty cash bags, on a bad day . I'm on a fast pace, I wanted the fast way . They copied the last wave, . I cut 'em like black spades. Fuckin' a thot in my mansion, fuckin' a thot on my bedroom. Bitch lookin' like a Kardashian . We hopped in the coupe and we smashin'. Sippin' on my drink, I watch that ass go slow motion . Walkin' with that bag, look at my diamonds like the ocean, huh. Geekin' out, she geekin' out, she geekin' on the dough. Ten different bitches, eeny meeny miny moe. Trappin' out the Nawf, trappin' out the bando . No, you need you a brick then I get the dough. Yeah, beat the pot, beat the pot, beat the pot, oh. Bad bitches walkin' out with bags at the store . Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole . Yeah, beat the pot, beat the pot, beat the pot, oh . Bad bitches walkin' out with bags at the store . Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole . Yeah. My wrist is glass . My neck is glass . Last jeweler just spent sixty cash . Last bitch I had, she bought a Jag' . They come in empty handed, she kept her bag . Bag, all ass ay . I can't get my nut off, I'ma spaz bae . No credit, no debit, the cash way . No stomach, no waist, pretty face, the ass way . Yeah, beat the pot, beat the pot, beat the pot, oh. Bad bitches walkin' out with bags at the store . Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole . Yeah, beat the pot, beat the pot, beat the pot, oh . Bad bitches walkin' out with bags at the store . Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole . Yeah. [Outro: Offset & . Quavo. ]. All ass ay, all ass ay. All ass ay, all ass ay. All ass ay, all ass ay. Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the. Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole. Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the. Stripper girl shakin', all ass on the pole