Hah , pussy. Fuck all these niggas man. Yeah, we havin' this shit too, nigga. Yeah, young nigga havin' this money and shit. You know what I'm talkin' 'bout? Yeah, yeah for real. Brown  paper  bags  . Smashing your hoe on the low and she callin' me dad . Cuffing that bitch, when she fucking, you going out sad . I had a dream in the pool I was swimming through cash. That's your main bitch?, I was fucking her first . Go grab the Margielas, right there with the fur . Flexing on purpose, flexing on purpose. These bitches went missing when I was just hurtin' . I put your bitch on the Xan then put her on Perkys . That was a part of the plan, get millions is workin'. Offset!. I'm 'bout to sign your bitch . Let me remind ya bitch . I am a walkin' lick . But I am with the shits . Click, click, click, click, shoot and I sprung my wrist . Money is over a bitch . Go to the mall in a Bentley . Money is bigger than Winfrey's. Sippin' codeine out a Simply's. I do not fuck with the enemy . 30,000 to the dentist. Drums, thirty extensions . We pull up where we got no . We fuckin' these stars for fitness. Bankrolls are large, you feel me? . I'ma go get me a bag . They gon' be bitter and mad . They already know it's a fact . Go to the show with a gat. Brown  paper  bags  . Smashing your hoe on the low and she callin' me dad . Cuffing that bitch, when she fucking, you going out sad . I had a dream in the pool I was swimming through cash. That's your main bitch?, I was fucking her first . Go grab the Margielas, right there with the fur . Flexing on purpose, flexing on purpose . These bitches went missing when I was just hurtin' . I put your bitch on the Xan then put her on Perkys . That was a part of the plan, get millions is workin'. Quavo. I put your bitch on Henny, on Henny and Coca . You saying your wrist is rocky, well I got some boulders . Ice on my neck, cold shoulder . You talkin' 'bout modern day rap, but don't know the CULTURE. 50 bands in the motor . 12 can't pull me over . Snowball, think it's polar. Hotline, Motorola . Fancy bitches, go get the bag, the baddest bitches . Age of 23, I was in the magazine, the Forbes edition . Brown paper bag . When you get it make sure you count your racks . Brown  paper  bags  . Smashing your hoe on the low and she calling me dad . Cuffing that bitch, when she fucking, you going out sad . I had a dream in the pool I was swimming through cash. That's your main bitch, I was fucking her first . Go grab the Margielas, right there with the fur . Flexing on purpose, flexing on purpose . These bitches went missing when I was just hurting . I put your bitch on the Xan then put on her Perkys . This was a part of the plan, get millions is working. Brown paper bag . Wad full of cash . Paparazzi flash. Jeweler gave me glass . Never look back at my past. Sip slow and live fast . I ended up in first place but I swore a nigga started last . I was born empty-handed but a nigga knew I had to get a bag . I was raised by my mama, so a nigga never really had a dad . Remember that lick we had hit? . Broke in and we found the stash . 20K right by the stand . Wrapped up in a brown paper bag . That wasn't part of the plan . Take out the tape from the cam . No evidence on who I am . 'Cause I can't afford to get jammed . Cuffin' bitches, I don't stand 'em . All my bitches, yeah, I share 'em . Fuck 'em, but you gotta pay 'em . Break the bread up with the fam